that point to the world the super special it
already come very ready so he has a
architecture even superbonita what
there was a major change was the decoration
but we changed all the floor reviewed
also the banana here up there has a
balcony will be a large space of
even a very cool thing to do.
shop her whole glass and people
He combined the new season to make
facade of the store then she
call chose rodolpho parigi as
first guest artist to do
this intervention and our idea with this
project is really from time to time
invite a new artist with the
Curatorship of the time, people understand that
in our mission today is to democratize
fashion I think bring a track
signed from Rodolfo the wall here too
democrat finds jackson five he was born
in fact an old will of the
riachuelo develop fashion is our
business with some dub
beneficent even the conversations arose
with luciano huck he founded the study
created beauty for me it would create
because he has a lot of history
encouraging new talents is something that
I think she believes me the best.
of this project is ten people
totally unlikely to be together
Do not you have a lot of strikes?
bertolino rock and stylist leaving
very talented very very important
in the market with the camila rate that I think
who today are the most
important they have a very large weight
win claudia leitte has raphael falci
who made a wonderful collection
robert ford is an international consultant
mateus who is a great person then every
one had a story to tell
they counted through five pieces and
future under the study umbrella
this shop oscar freire de campo
great landmark in the history of the island has arrived
because we live a very good moment
we made a very
great to rejuvenate the brand in
last ten years and I think this store
crowns this moment very much because first
so I think that this emblematic point
people had a great desire for 21 points
a little more central than sao paulo
but we got that point came in the
right time because that's how we are a month
ago was elected the most fashionable
valuable from Brazil
They have taken their collections
stylists some time and they give a lot
and I think it's opened a lot
but we are in a moment where
there was very large product investment
in the valley of the same fashion age and I think the
people arrive today in oscar freire can
be here
the only product that has been developed
especially to the postmen and was
a faster collection that is a super
novelty
I very much believe that the Navy that
people are going to start our store going
expand to the other but she confesses
I hope everyone comes.
to know